Installation on 24/Sept/2022

I used the archinstall script. 
Since I asked for the full desktop profile, it did almost everything for me: i3, DM, etc.
Git clone'd my "my-config-files" repo and copied everything over to the proper place. That made (almost)
all my keybinds to be up and running. 
Picom was also running, since it is executed by the order of the i3 config file. (somehow setxkbmap
didn't work... maybe cus it is an exec and not anexec_always? -> future mike here: yes, it was totally
that).
For now, I'm using the non-Nerd-Font JetBrains just cus it is easier to set up (pacman) but later (TODO)
I'll change to the nerd font one (polybar "needs" it, for example)
Changed bash to zsh with just a simple chsh command.

Sound works great ("I'm Rocket man, burning out his fuse up here aloooone"). This time using pipewire...
last time pulse dissapointed me.

Git clone'd yay for more thingies.

Fonts are properly installed. This time I didn't substitute the whole JetBrains font with the patched
Nerd Font version. Instead I just added a second font with just the Nerd Font symbols. Somehow every-
thing knows where to go and find the symbols... Fine by me!

This time I'm using Dunst instead of Wired for the notifications... don't know why I didn't go
mainstream the previous time, this is just plug and play and works fine out of the box. And it is 
really easy to make custom keybinds based on cli commands!!!

Since I'm going with pipewire this time, I only needed EasyEffects to control both volumes/outputs
and effects. (Future Mike here, I installed pavucontrol eitherways becuase I can control the audio
devices much easier and better)

Screenshots... Still a pain in the arse to set up. Scrot seemed like nice tool, going to work perfect
but nah! weird flicking borderlines all bugged out and they appear on the final screenshot (??)
Turns out this is a well known bug... Installed maim as a replacement and it works almost perfectly,
the only problem being that, for some reason, the trickery I use to do a full screenshot with the
compositor effects doesn't work at all when I try to take a screenshot of just a section of the screen.
So, for now, full screenshots have the blur/opacity effects but the section screenshots don't.

Installed the Alacritty fork that enables liggatures. ==> Niceness++ <==

Looks like there is a very common incopatibility of MOTU devices with the latest pipewire... But it is
solved by downgrading Alsa?? Anyways, it is solved (:

i3lock is working but I still have to enable it manually when I want to suspend on lock... 

And just as if shit couldn't hit the fan any faster... My cursor out of nowhere was different (in size)
between applications. I've noticed in previous installations that it has something to do with how
it is set up. LXAppearance sets GTK themes and cursors, not the whole environment. So, when I changed
the resolution of the screens (by adding the second monitor), the cursor went nuts. And I don't know
what actually fixed it: if the .xresourses or the forcing of size in the local or general cursor settings
or the GTK settings. I really don't know. But something fixed it.

i3lock now locks on suspend! Though, in the future, I should create a script for the locking process
so if I want to alter the way it locks or customize the looks of it, I don't have to change for the
automatic lock AND the manual one.

